1,600.
Yeah, you got your notifications today.
I prayed over this a lot last night because of all the people saying, "Hey, they didn't notify me.
" It bothered me because so many of you would like to be here and YouTube was not telling you.
We came to the conclusion that because we uploaded three videos yesterday, it notified you every single time.
I think there's a limit to how many times you can do that so that people can actually be notified.
Am I saying that right?
Yeah.
We believe that now we're seeing how many people will get notified to come pray with us versus having three uploads.
It was too much.
So, we're just going to do this.
Another thing we found out is that Braden can post on X that we're doing a live, and everybody comes over from X because it notifies you immediately through Elon's.
I thought that was pretty cool.
I thought, "Okay, good thinking," because the more the merrier, you know.
Good evening family; good morning, good afternoon wherever you are.
It's awesome because so many of you from all over the world come and pray with us on a daily basis.
One person said, "Hey, it's 7:00 in the morning," and I said, "Wow, that's just awesome.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
" We're going to go over everything the Lord showed us last night in prayer.
For those of you who didn't want to watch the beginning, I'll recap what the Lord said yesterday.
I was in the shower praying and I sat there, just waiting before the Lord.
He said, "What they don't realize is what you gave them at the beginning of yesterday's video is the key to everything in your Christian walk.
" He said that will be what will sustain them in ministry and in their walk with Me.
He said, "Brandon, everyone has a trigger.
What sets you off?
What's your boundary when it comes to certain conversations?
What irritates you the most?
What's your trigger?
" I asked, "Your trigger?
" He said, "Do you know what My trigger is?
" I said, "No, Lord.
" He said, "Touching the glory.
" He said, "I'll show you scriptures.
" Jesus says, "I do nothing unless I see My Father.
Unless I'm instructed by My Father, I do nothing.
" Everything He did was to give God praise and glory.
"I do nothing apart from the Lord.
Everything that I do in word and in deed, we give all the glory to God.
" He said, "My trigger, Brandon, what bothers Me the most is touching the glory.
I will share My glory with no one.
" I was taken up and I saw Lucifer.
He was made for worship.
Everything about him was glorious as he walked around in heaven leading worship and music.
The angels would say, "Oh, you did a good job.
The worship was just beautiful today.
" In that praise and acknowledgment, I could see that giving him glory lifted his ego and his pride, taking the glory from the Father.
He said, "I will exalt myself.
I will do all this.
" Suddenly, he was shot down like lightning.
He touched the glory.
He took the praise.
The moment he had an ego and started to think, "I'll exalt myself above God.
I'll be bigger.
I'll put my kingdom above His because don't you realize who I am?
" he didn't realize the presence was coming from the Father through him to give the Father worship.
The moment he thought he was something, it changed.
Everything we do in ministry, everything we say, everything we impart is not us.
Me seeing things is not me; it's all to His glory.
That's why I said we're the glove.
We have this glove that's like a snow glove.
It's a really cool thing, but it was made to give warmth to the hand.
The moment the Holy Spirit goes inside of that glove, the human body, it brings life to the glove.
But the glove is nothing without the Holy Spirit.
A human hand goes in there, and the glove is nothing without the hand.
That's why the Lord was showing me, "Brandon, I'll share My glory with no one in the days ahead.
" Even more so with what you're about to see.
"If you want longevity in ministry, son, and you want to know My trigger: touch not the glory through the praise of man.
" People say, "Oh, you're so good.
You're awesome.
" But people's opinions change like the water, the weather, and the tide.
It always goes back and forth.
He said people's opinions of you will always change—how great they say you are or how great they don't.
The comment section, the peanut gallery.
He was talking to me about finding your box.
What is your box?
Like William Seymour, who took his flesh and told it to shut up.
As I told you all yesterday, what's your box?
William Seymour sat in the front of the stage with a box on his head for sometimes 45 minutes to an hour before the service would even start as a display of humility so that He gets the glory.
Regardless of what happens in this vast auditorium, He gets the glory, the honor, and the praise.
"I'll share My glory with no one.
" In the days ahead, you'll see this more and more.
He said, "As long, Brandon, as you decrease so that I increase, we'll get along just fine.
" Basically, He wants to use people in a great capacity, but everyone has a trigger.
What's your trigger?
When you get to know the Father more intimately, you realize there are boundaries with His triggers—what He loves and what He doesn't.
So I sit before Him and listen as He talks to me about what's coming.
He tells me about finances, the president, what's coming after the attack with Venezuela, what's happening next for China, and what's coming for Taiwan.
You learn these things as you sit at His feet and die to yourself.
That's why you die daily.
What are you dying to?
Self.
When the anointing's on me and the cloak comes on, I'm just that glove.
The moment it moves out after the livestream's over, I'm just as helpless as anyone.
When that anointing is on, you feel like Superman and the glory is there.
But the Lord said impartations, healings, and manifestations like you wouldn't believe are about to come to this planet.
We're about to see things we've always dreamed of seeing.
He said, "There's a difference between being a general in an army and being one of the foot soldiers.
" You can be a general in His army for what's coming, though all of us are important and have a position.
The foot soldiers are just as important as the generals, but the general has a lot more responsibility.
To whom much is given, much is required.
General Flynn and all the generals we've had in our military had a lot more responsibility, and if they messed up, it cost a lot of lives.
So, they have to be on target and precise with what they are hearing from the commander-in-chief of the United States of America, our president, right?
You distribute the message to the people and they help bring out the call and we win battles.
The Lord said, Brandon, there is a lot of difference between generals and privates and lieutenants and all that.
It is interesting, so you learn the chain of command and you learn a lot of things as I grow, and he instructs me all the time.
This is what you are going to do and this is what you are not going to do, and I want you to do it precisely.
Yes, sir.
So, as I sat before him today, he said, I want you to tell my people again, humble themselves underneath the mighty hand of God.
Humble yourself.
No matter what your potter's wheel experience is, no matter what you are going through, you do not have to announce it on Facebook.
You do not have to tell everybody your business.
You know, I am on the potter's wheel right now and everything is so rough.
You know how many times I went on Facebook and told everybody about me?
I never once told anybody how bad my day was, other than my grandmother across the street, of how rough some days were.
I did not even tell my mom and my dad.
Nobody knew other than her because she lived across the street.
But I did not make an announcement on Facebook so everybody would pray for me.
I did not tell every sister so and so how much I was going through because I wanted them to feel sorry for me and give me finances.
Do not give ministry of hints.
Well, you know, we are having a hard time financially.
I have got ten dollars left, five dollars left.
I did not make the announcement so that people would still feel sorry for me.
I thought if God can provide and God knows how much I need, I do not need sister so and so or brother so and so to try to meet that need.
Either God does it or he is not God.
But ministry of hints is not God.
Well, you know, won't you help me?
I have got my bills going to be cut off this next week.
Ministry of hints is not God.
Keep your mouth shut, and if you have sowed and you have tithed and you have given, keep your eyes on him, not on man.
The moment man becomes your provider you are in trouble.
The moment man becomes your need maker, the way maker, you are in trouble.
I do not need a miracle behind my mailbox.
I need Jesus.
That is why Diana's dream, when she had the dream, the lady was looking at her and the glory was on us and she said, Oh, don't you see?
It is just Jesus.
When people see you in the days ahead and your face is shining with glory, it is not about you.
The world is going to be attracted to it and the blessings flow through it.
Increase comes from it.
But that is not the focus.
The focus is Jesus.
And the glory will be on you, ladies and gentlemen, for what I have seen.
A level of the glory that we have never seen before.
And when we go into the Walmarts and the Targets and the Sam's or Costco or wherever you go shopping and they see that glory on you, it is just Jesus.
You always deflect to him.
You must know this.
I told Braden and Diana and Paisley today, I said, this is God's trigger.
This is so important.
And to the point that I am turning off the comment section.
It is not about Brandon.
This is not about how great Brandon is or how much he hears or what he does not hear and the egg throwers or the praise or the palm leaf people.
This is just me being obedient to what God has called me to do and what he has called me to say.
And if I miss it, I miss it.
And that is between me and him.
Or if it is right and I pray it is, you know, I do not want to cause any prophetic confusion, but it is always to give glory to him.
Die to yourself.
I saw it today.
I have heard people say it a thousand times and I thought what are they truly saying until it became Rhema to me.
You can parrot things so much and I hear somebody, I heard a parrot one time.
Oh Lord we give you all the glory and honor and praise, but yet they display something so much haughtiness upon them on the platform.
So much pride, so much pride, and you see it and it is so much about attracting the glory to them as they move in the gift but yet you see the gift and you say, is it right?
Are you right right now?
No, it is so much about you.
But when I see Katherine, she was always back, she did that thing and the Lord said, learn, I will share my glory with no one.
You see, there is a lot of parrots that know how to parrot and copy what you have seen on the stage.
There is a lot of parrots versus the ones that are really truly sold out and they are dead to it.
And the Lord said, I am going to pour out my spirit on another level on people.
Brandon, you are about to see some glorious things, but touch not the anointing.
Don't ever take it and ever be arrogant.
Humble yourself before me and I will flow through you and we will get along just fine.
I say all this stuff to you to try to help you.
Maybe it does, maybe it doesn't.
It is like the comments.
I say answered questions.
He said, Who are you to answer any questions?
Did I tell you to answer questions?
It is not your gift.
It is a Ferrari whenever it comes on.
And everybody loves the Ferrari, but you are just the kid that is driving the borrowed Ferrari.
It is not yours.
It is daddy's Ferrari.
But you are excited about the Ferrari and you are showing everybody and you are taking Instagram photos and look at me.
Cool car, and the Lord said, That ain't your Ferrari, son.
You are borrowing the keys for the moment.
That ain't your car.
You are a pretender.
You have no business answering questions.
It is not your gift.
You are borrowing it for that time.
Don't ever do that again.
I said I will bow my head before you.
Father, I am sorry.
What do you ever think that you have the ability to answer anybody's question on there unless I tell you to say something?
I, that is haughtiness.
Don't ever do that again.
I said I had no argument.
It is a hard thing.
It is like a stomach punch whenever I come before you and I just humble.
I just like, and I am not wanting sister clipboard to come and say Brandon, you said this, you said that.
You point out your own flaws.
You look at your own stuff.
Examine your own self.
I am very public about how I am examined by the father looking at me through a microscope.
He looks at me and he examines me all the time.
What I am trying to tell you is that God is going to do something huge in these last days and he is not going to share his glory with no one.
And he wants to do something huge through you.
Examine yourself, humble yourself, and allow him to be big inside of you.
Does that make sense what I am saying?
When you lay hands on the sick and you see their eyes come back in their head and their arms grow out before you and you see hair grow back that was not there.
When you see the dead raised in front of you and the media wants to put you all over the news, remember that you are the glove.
Apart from him, you can do nothing.
You did not do nothing.
You are just the glove.
You will see the dead raised in the days ahead.
You are going to see the blind eyes open.
You are going to see ears open.
You are going to see things that there is going to be shock and awe on Instagram, Facebook, the dead were raised.
Did you see who did it?
No, you did not do nothing.
You were just the glove.
So, I am trying to prepare you for what is about to come.
Take not the glory for what is about to come, ladies and gentlemen.
I am just a vessel.
We give him all the glory.
Thank you for what you did today, Lord.
Thank you.
To you be all the glory.
To you be all the honor.
To you be all the praise.
For the love that you had for your people today was bigger than Brandon could ever think about.
It was his love.
It was a display of his grace—something you don't earn and something you don't deserve.
That's what we're about to see: a display of glorious grace, that by his stripes you are healed.
By his stripes we are healed.
It wasn't about how good we are or what we deserve; it was his grace.
The provision that's about to happen for some of you—'I got a million dollars.
' Be humble with what he's about to give you.
Know it's for the kingdom, your bank accounts.
He said, 'In a moment, in a 24-hour period, I'll make decamillionaires.
' I'm going to speak to you in the middle of the night, Brandon, and you'll invest here, and then within a 24-hour period, it'll make you a million bucks.
Brandon, listen to me: be humble with what I give you when I say to give it.
I realized then that God doesn't have a money problem, and he doesn't have a money problem with you.
He doesn't care, because I criticize sometimes in my heart: 'How come you give so-and-so so much?
They have jets; they have all this stuff.
Look at all this, Lord.
' He doesn't have a money problem with that.
He doesn't have a problem with that at all.
What he has a problem with is whenever it has them and they have arrogance.
Humble yourself.
And the Lord said, 'I'll make decamillionaires, Brandon.
' Why?
To get this gospel out.
My Son's return is imminent.
Do you understand how close he is?
There's no urgency in my church, and I'm about to create urgency.
Wars will break out—wars, rumors of wars, plagues, pestilences—five major shakings.
So that's what I'm here to tell you tonight.
That was the first half of this 20...
I say all that in love, but I tell you because it's what he says to me.
And there's fire on it.
There's so much he said.
They say they don't hear me.
He said, 'Brandon, I am speaking all the time.
' The problem is that they think what they're hearing is them.
The very intellect they walk in every day, they think it's just them.
He said, 'Apart from me, you can do nothing.
' There's nothing that you do on your own that he has not graced you to do.
Anytime you think that you did it on your own, you're in pride.
'Apart from me, you can do nothing.
' Because I overcome some things with my intellect and all the things that I overcome, I automatically know I'm so broken as a person.
I'm a man that has hardly any education; I barely got a GED.
I struggled my whole life with everything I have, and I've sat at his feet wanting to know how to provide for my family.
That was the place of knowing.
For Brandon, having to get his thoughts right and to get things going, it's always been his grace.
But I recognize it because I know apart from him, I truly can do nothing.
But he said, 'There are so many of you that are so smart in your own mind that you think that it's you.
' He's gifted you with certain things—with numbers, with math, with spelling, with your doctor's degree or whatever you have—and you think it was you.
But he said, 'Brandon, it was always my ability and my grace on them to get the job done.
Apart from me, Brandon, they can do nothing, but they think it's them.
' And that's pride.
From the great jobs that you have—corporate offices, CEOs—it rains on the just and the unjust.
He said, 'I speak to my people all the time, but they think it's their thoughts.
A lot of things they're thinking, a lot of the things they think they're flowing with, it's my inspiration on them.
' If they keep in my word and they incline their ear to me, if they listen to me through the Word of God every day and they read it, the footsteps of the righteous are ordered.
The footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
He said, 'The more they humble themselves before me in prayer and fasting and seeking me daily, I give you the desires I give you.
You don't do anything apart from me.
' The very air we breathe, the very food we partake of—we did nothing to get it.
We may have toiled the ground, but the seed—we didn't do it.
He provided it.
The very air you breathe so freely, you didn't do anything to get that.
He did it.
The water that you drink—I didn't do anything to get that.
We put it in a bottle, we filtered it, but he provided it.
Everything that gives us life is just his grace.
The steel you used to make your car, the wood you used to build the roof on your house—he provided all of it.
You did nothing.
You may have worked and put it through a lumber mill or the steel mill, but everything initially is all his.
And that's why he was saying there's so much arrogance in humanity.
There's so much arrogance in your hearts.
'I give you grace every day just to do what you do to get out of bed.
The moment you wake up and open your eyes, I've given you grace to do it.
The very blood that flows through your veins, the thoughts that you think in your head...
' When I hear him say those things, and I listen to him and hear his heartbeat...
And all I'm asking you in these days ahead, Brandon, is touch not the glory.
It's my trigger.
' I said, 'You got it.
Whatever it takes.
' So I just caution you—if you can learn anything from somebody, if you can learn something from me, listen.
If not, then whatever.
But I just try to tell you what I've heard today: don't touch the glory in what you're about to see on this earth.
Always give Jesus the praise.
He's a good God and he loves you so.
So let's go over yesterday's blessing.
Everything he showed us.
During a time of prayer, he showed up and he showed us many things.
I'm so thankful.
He showed me yesterday when we were praying—I saw great earthquakes coming to Italy.
I saw great destructive earthquakes.
I saw a water shelf that went like this and then it dropped off.
And the Lord said, 'They're not paying attention to what's down below; they're not paying attention to the water.
' He said, 'Active volcanoes are starting to erupt; they're going to start to erupt.
' I saw a massive volcano going off.
Seismic activity was going to start to shake, and I saw lines of activity.
I don't know what all this is—it looked like charts—but it was forked off over Italy.
And I saw a massive volcano that shot up out of the ocean that caused a tsunami wave.
He brought up Pompeii.
He talked about stuff that was buried in the dirt that looked like mosaics that were linked to biblical times, things that would validate and bring life to the Bible that have been preserved.
And I saw in the side of the earth, the Lord said, 'I'm going to split it, and I have preserved this, and I'm going to bring it for a sign of the end times to reach the unbeliever.
' I saw the splits and I saw earth that would be uncovering things.
I saw a tomb, and in this tomb there was a library full of literature from some kind of a theologian.
I would say it was Alexander the Great.
This will be a major world discovery when this takes place.
It was a library full of scrolls and parchment paper that was preserved like a tomb.
I saw the pyramids and I saw tunnels that had rooms full of ancient artifacts that the world has forgotten, that were preserved.
I saw tablets too, that were glowing with glory—two major tablets that were glowing with glory.
I assume—I do not know, and I'm not going to add to or take away from anything.
It's just my opinion looking into it, that this is the Ten Commandments.
I saw them glowing.
It was so bright, and it looked like the Father.
Every time I see him, these tablets looked like that.
Now, were they really glowing that way?
I don't know.
I believe it was a type and shadow, or something he was trying to show me, like this is something.
They were outlined and they had a hold of them, and I saw sand everywhere.
But as they dug this pit, they found this tomb.
United States military soldiers were surrounding it to protect these people from being bombarded by Muslims.
They did not want what was being discovered and brought out to the public because it went against their faith.
So they wanted to stop the revelation of what was coming up out of these tombs from happening.
I saw people with things wrapped around their heads and their faces, and they had AK-47s and were trying to destroy what was in the dirt from coming out to the public because many Muslim people were coming to Jesus Christ because of this and turning from being a Muslim.
It was spreading like a shockwave and the Lord said, 'This would be the greatest discovery of any generation that's about to take place.
It will show that I am that I am is still I am that I am, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and there will be no denying it.
' He said, 'I'm leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
' I saw a shaking in the earth that would uncover these things.
I saw archaeological discoveries that were scrolls.
He said, 'This would be like the Dead Sea Scrolls: accounts of Jesus's healings, more things that were written down, things that were in the earth.
' Are you saying it's more than the Bible?
No, that's not what I'm saying.
I'm talking about another account, like if you had Brandon's account.
I wrote it down.
I watched him.
I saw Jesus there, and he was writing it down.
I wasn't a disciple, but I was there and I told everybody about it.
Do you get what I'm saying?
Do I think it will be in the Bible?
No, that's not what I'm saying.
These are people's accounts, things that were happening.
Something is about to happen that will be like CliffNotes of biblical accounts—biblical things that will back more of the word, showing, 'Hey look, it happened over here, too.
' There's a mosaic over here and it's Jesus walking on the water.
I'm just trying to describe how big this is.
It was all underground, in a tomb.
This tomb was underneath the sand and it was square and it had a door to it, and it was all built cement by the pyramids.
I could see the pyramids in the background.
Then I heard, 'This is by Jerusalem.
There are things in Israel, things that will be uncovered.
' I saw Italy.
I saw shakings in the Lord.
I saw a major earthquake about to take place.
When this earthquake takes place and these tsunamis washing away, it's the burial of all...
over time sand just buries things.
It's always been there, but the Lord said, 'I'm going to uncover it for this generation as a sign.
' As I said, what I saw is what I'm trying to tell you.
I saw a lot of the Muslims, and they were furious.
They wanted to stop it.
There were United States soldiers protecting it as they were bringing it up out of the ground.
This is what I saw in the vision.
The Lord said, 'I'm about to do something to shake the nations.
' I thought it was pretty cool.
If the Ten Commandments come up out of the ground, that's going to be pretty neat.
I told D, 'What I saw was glowing with glory and it sent a shockwave.
' It was like the paddles for a defibrillator or something like that.
It hit the land and it bled smoke out the sides in all directions, like you dropped an asteroid.
It shot something straight up, but it was the glory and it sent ripple waves all through the Middle East.
The Lord said, 'Watch Ethiopia.
Watch Ethiopia.
' I saw Egypt and Ethiopia were like one.
Something about Ethiopia, something about Egypt, but they're further apart.
Braden showed me on the map.
I'm telling you with intellect, I had no idea, but it looked like they were one.
I see in part, and the Lord shows me what's coming.
Then I saw Babylon rising again.
I saw financial blessings and things coming out of Babylon.
I saw shaking.
Then he kept saying, 'Oh Jerusalem, oh Jerusalem.
' I could hear it.
And he said, 'I'm going to shake Mecca.
False religion, Mecca.
I'm going to shake it.
' Whether that's a major earthquake that would destroy that place or not, I don't know, but I saw a major shaking coming to Mecca.
He said, 'I don't want that any should perish, but all come to repentance.
' He was going to shake all of it.
I saw women of Middle Eastern descent weeping before the Lord in the glory all throughout Iran, all throughout Africa.
A major harvest of souls is coming.
God is going to show up and show off, and he's going to use us.
You saw remedies, cures.
Oh, yeah.
In these scrolls, there were cures for things—ancient knowledge of ailments—and I saw Nephilim.
I saw things that were attached to Noah's time: cures with ancient knowledge in this library.
There were scrolls and tablets full of mind-blowing stuff: ancient weather patterns and things that they had documented for thousands of years.
He said, 'But I've preserved it with my hand and I'm about to release it to the world.
' It will relate back to Abraham's stuff.
He gave me Micah 1, and then Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
He saw boiling in the dust coming up out of it.
He gave me the scripture Isaiah 64, that the mountains would melt like wax.
He said they would know your fame.
The world would know.
Isaiah 64.
He brought those scriptures up.
It was mainly Isaiah 64, but Micah went with it inside of my spirit.
He quoted out of Isaiah and said that the world is going to know that he is God.
'I am that I am.
Oh, that you would rend the heavens and come down, that the mountains would tremble before you as when fire sets twigs ablaze and causes the water to boil.
' Come down to make your name known to your enemies and cause the nations to quake before you.
That's what's about to happen.
You put that scripture in there; they have to see it.
Oh Father, that you would rend the heavens, that you would come down, that the mountains might shake at your presence.
As fire burns brushwood, as fire causes water to boil, to make your name known to your adversaries, that the nations may tremble at your presence.
It's so important.
I'm excited about it.
Isaiah 64:1-2.
We're in a time that everybody was wanting to be in, and yet he chose you and me.
He chose every one of you on this side of the camera.
We're in a time that they all dreamed that they could be in, but he chose us.
We're the closers.
You have what it takes.
You're a closer.
You're built for pressure.
You were built for such a time as this.
You're not a mistake.
You were appointed and you were chosen for such a time as this.
Oh, what a plan.
Oh, what a planner.
Like Sister Billie always says, I'm so thankful that he looked our direction.
The key to the glory is love.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
I'm so thankful for the love.
Who wants to go tubing?
I'll go get my sweetheart.
She wants to come in for this part.
I told her I'd talk for a second, then I'll go get her and she'll pray with us.
I want her to take notes.
He said Adonai.
Adonai.
Adonai, which I don't know what that is.
It is the Hebrew word for my Lord, my master.
Adonai, Jehovah Jireh.
So, are you all excited about that part?
That was the first part.
All right, let's pray now and see if he wants to show us anything today.
If not, then we'll close it and go on.
But I wanted to go over that and tell you what he's saying today to me privately.
You know, I try to be helping y'all as much as I can.
Ready?
Let's go.
Let me go get her.
Hi, how's everybody doing?
All right, I got my order.
You have to commune.
Oh, that you would rend the heavens, that you would come down, that the mountains might shake.
Can you wait to shake the mountains?
How are you doing?
Good.
Let me see.
I thought you had a fuzzy.
Make sure I don't have any pimples like a teenager.
Is it gross?
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for all that you've done, for all that you're going to do.
We just humble ourselves before you, Father.
And if there's anything you want to show us tonight, Father, we're here.
We lift up the body before you.
We thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed.
We're so grateful.
We're so thankful that we give you all the glory, all the honor, and all the praise.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we lift it up before you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
And we take this communion in remembrance of what you did for us.
We thank you, Lord, that it's just a personal relationship with you.
Father, I thank you for how precious you are to us as we come before you boldly in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
We take the blood and we lift it up before you, and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you for the blood, Father.
As we confess our sins, you're faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Thank you for the blood, Lord.
We apply the blood over Diana.
Cover her from the top of her head to the soles of her feet.
Over me uninterrupted, and over Braden and over Paisley.
All of us, Megan.
Father, I thank you, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We take authority over our finances.
We take authority over the transfer of the wealth.
And we say in the name of Jesus, Satan, get your hands off of our stuff in Jesus' name!
Thus far and no further.
We take authority and we apply the blood and we say that God, you are our provider and you supply all our needs according to your riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
We take authority and we call in the angels to bring it in from the north, the south, the east, the west.
Holy Spirit, work on the hearts in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you're going to do and all that you've already done in Jesus' name.
We plead the blood and we apply the blood.
That's how you do it.
You pray over your stuff.
You pray over your family, husbands and wives.
Satan has no right to touch you.
You're a born-again believer.
I'm a believing believer; I'm not a doubter.
And we have power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
We are not of this world.
We're just passing through.
Thank you, Father, that you have a place for me.
I've got a mansion just over the hilltop in that bright land where we'll never grow old.
Father, I thank you for the blood and we apply the blood in Jesus' name.
We give you glory, honor, and praise for it.
I've got a mansion just over the hilltop in that bright land where we'll never grow old.
And someday yonder, we will nevermore wander but walk on streets that are pure as gold.
And someday we'll nevermore wander but walk on streets that are pure as gold.
That's really cool.
I didn't know the words.
Those old hymns.
A 1960 song by Elvis Presley.
Now, he didn't make that song.
Maybe he sang it well, too.
We'll have to look it up and let him sing it sometime, but we can't play it on here.
Songwriter is Ira Stanphill.
Ira Stanphill, I don't know.
What's Beulah Land?
This song.
Father, we just thank you for the blood.
We make much of the blood.
Lord, we thank you for your prayer time.
Father, we worship you.
Father, what's on your heart with all these people gathered here?
We have 7,000 people here right now.
Lord, what can we do to help?
I've reached the land of corn and wine and all its riches freely mine.
Here shines undimmed one blissful day, for all my night has passed away.
Beulah Land, sweet Beulah Land.
As on thy highest mount I stand, I look away across the sea where mansions are prepared for me.
My Savior comes and walks with me, and sweet communion here have we.
He gently leads me by his hand, for this is heaven's borderland.
A sweet perfume upon the breeze is borne from ever-vernal trees.
Oh, yeah.
I'm kind of homesick for a country to which I've never seen before.
No sad goodbyes will there be spoken because time won't matter anymore.
I'm longing for you, Beulah Land.
And someday yonder I'll stand, and there my home shall be eternal Beulah land.
I'm looking out just across the river, and I can see the other side.
There's just a few more days to labor, and I'm going to take my heavenly flight.
Beulah Land, I'm longing for you.
And someday yonder I'll stand, and there my home shall be eternal Beulah land.
I like that part where he says, 'I'm kind of homesick for a country to which I've never seen before.
' No sad goodbyes would there be spoken because time won't matter anymore.
Beulah, I'm longing for you.
And someday on thee I'll stand there.
My home shall be eternal, Beulah land.
Thank you, Lord.
Father, we thank you.
I'm just looking across the river, Lord, and I can see the other side.
There's just a few more days to labor, and I'm going to take my heavenly flight.
Father, we love you.
I'm longing for you.
And someday on thee I'll stand where my home shall be eternal, Beulah land.
Sweet land.
Run to him.
Daily and weekly, you must come by my side.
Certain phrases you say—he's telling you the glory is on the phrase when it comes out of the spirit.
For the signs of the end times, it's like a pitch.
I'm seeing that pitch again.
It's the Beulah land.
It's the song of the day.
I'm kind of homesick for a country to which I've never seen before.
No sad goodbyes would there be spoken because time won't matter anymore.
It's where he's at.
Do you understand?
Because it's that faith.
It's that whole parrot.
When I'm in the spirit, he's talking because time is right there.
No sad goodbyes will there be spoken because time won't matter anymore.
We're going to a place where time doesn't matter anymore.
No more sad goodbyes because time won't matter anymore.
We're longing for you, Father.
Oh, come Jesus.
Beulah land.
I'm longing for you.
View the land.
You don't have to write it down, honey.
It's fine.
It's about the coming of his Son.
That's where he's at right now.
He said, 'It's about the coming of my Son.
' Oh Father, most holy glory to the Lord.
For you are glorious and worthy to be praised.
You're the Lamb upon the throne, and unto you we lift our voice in praise.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
Holy, holy Lord who was and is and is to come.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts who was and is and is to come.
Have your way, Lord.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
Thou art the potter, I am the clay.
Mold me and make me after Thy will, while I am waiting, yielded and still.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Search me and try me, Master today.
Whiter than snow, Lord, wash me just now, as in Thy presence humbly I bow.
Hold over my being absolute sway.
Filled with Thy Spirit till all I can see, Christ only living in me.
It's beautiful, these old songs.
It's amazing because very seldom does he ever sing a new one inside of me.
It's always old ones and I don't even know the words.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
While I am waiting, yielded and still.
Thank you for refreshing today, Lord.
Thank you for refreshing over every single person here.
I pray they are able to drink from the well that never shall run dry.
Father, I thank you that today they're drinking from the well in this brand new New Year.
Father, that they find that place of refuge in you.
Father, with all the winds and the waves and the storms of life all around us all the time, you're the place of my refuge.
You are the captain of my ship.
Thank you, Lord.
You are the one that is leading me.
Father, I thank you that so many of these people today have an intimate relationship with you.
To do this channel is such an honor.
Thank you, Lord, that you called us and chose us, Father, that you would even visit and the presence would fill our house the way it has right now.
We're so grateful to you.
We give all the glory, all the honor, and all the praise to you.
We don't want to be parrots in these last days, just quoting what somebody else said, Father.
But it's real to us, Rhema to us.
That Jesus Christ is Rhema to us.
That we have a relationship with Jesus.
That Diana we walk with Jesus like the disciples.
They were unlearned men, but they marveled because they had been with Jesus.
Not just one time, but over and over again.
They were with Jesus every day.
Father, I thank you.
Wash me just now, Lord.
Humbly we bow.
Come freely.
Freely you come.
Calling them in.
I see a wave of the glory calling them in once again.
It's like a pulse.
It's like a bang.
When you see this in this vision, I see the lips calling them in.
It's a microphone blast.
They're calling him in and it's in a valley and it's dark.
Up on a hill, on a cliff of a rock, it's speaking forth and there are shock waves coming forth to call in the unsaved.
We're calling them in tonight.
We're calling in the final harvest.
The ones in the back fields, the ones that are out, the wayward people, the wayward children, the wayward wives, the wayward husbands, we're calling them in.
Even the hardest cases, he says.
Even the ones whose hearts are so hardened towards him.
I see a pinprick.
Listen to this.
It's a pinprick, and I see the heart and it's black and there's a prick on it, and it brings life into it.
Even the ones that would seem to have the hardest cases.
I see a man with a beard, strung out on drugs.
He has an addiction to oxycodone and fentanyl.
He is around 350 pounds, but he is not fat—he is big.
His belly is big, but he is not morbidly obese.
He is just a big man with scruffy hair and a scruffy face.
The Lord is touching this man; he looks like a lumberjack.
The Lord said, 'This is the hardest case.
' This man has an alcohol problem and is going to bars.
He is a womanizer, and his family is crying out for his soul.
I see his grandmother crying out for the soul of this man who seems to be the hardest case, running from the Lord.
But the Lord is going to bring him in with a prick.
As this heart of stone and blackness is touched by the love of God, it will turn to flesh again.
Life will spread, just as you see life return when someone's heart starts pumping again.
The Lord said even the hardest cases are not too far gone.
There is a restitution of all things, a restitution for all that you believe.
Believe Me for more.
You need to come boldly to My throne.
Come up higher with the fire, for there is nothing too big for Me to bring your heart's desire.
Call in your unsaved loved ones; they are not too far gone.
Bring them boldly before My throne and watch what I do.
In the year 2026, you will see the manifestations concerning your unsaved loved ones if you call out to them.
Carry them before Me daily and watch what I do.
A song of the deliverer is coming: 'My deliverer is standing by, and He will never break His promise.
' He is calling them out.
I see many hearts of stone among the Asians in South Korea, North Korea, China, Taiwan, and the Philippines.
They have been blinded by false religion, but the Lord is bringing the lost sheep out of Asia.
A great harvest is coming.
There is no one too hard or too far gone, not one lost in the back fields that He cannot bring out.
It will happen within a day.
You will see your unsaved loved one right before you, asking, 'What must I do to be saved?
' You will laugh at the devil.
Even Tyrone is coming home.
We call him home today in the name of Jesus.
Satan, get your hands off of him.
Tyrone, come home.
Rebellion and hardness of heart are breaking off of him.
He is not going to be angry anymore; he will have the joy of the Lord.
He is causing a shockwave through the world.
We are about to see the greatest harvest of souls.
His heart is the harvest tonight.
We pray over President Trump.
He has major decisions to make in the next couple of days.
He is in the valley of decision concerning Cuba.
The decision is whether to infiltrate Cuba, much like the situation in Venezuela.
He wants to bring freedom to the Cuban people.
Sir, there is an underground thing there.
You will find it; it is a 50-gallon drum.
There is a biological weapon, a Cuban Missile Crisis, put there by Russia.
This is very serious concerning Cuba; it is an alliance.
Cut the head off the snake.
We back you in prayer, and a great revival will come through Cuba.
There are many proxy governments to deal with: Venezuela, Cuba, and Ukraine.
You have so much on you, but you have been chosen for this to liberate these people and get the gospel in.
The Lord is allowing this to happen to bring in the gospel on the heels of all this liberation.
Cuba and North Korea—you will not even have to touch North Korea.
Watch what the Lord does with Kim and his sister; their days are numbered.
The Lord says there is a shaking in the land.
Shaking in Cuba.
The Lord said, 'Don't let go of that.
I am pulling it in right now.
' There is a breaking down of communism in your backyard.
Do not focus on North Korea right now; focus on Cuba.
Watch Cuba in the night, ladies and gentlemen, when they're asleep.
Watch the electric grid.
Watch what happens; it's shaking.
A shaking of liberation is coming to save the soul.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
Worship.
They're cheering in the streets because it just happened.
A freedom is coming, and a spring of new growth will come out of Cuba.
A lifeline.
I see Trump.
Do you remember the cords that were attached to Russia?
I see a cutting of the cords and him trying to stretch his own cords to establish a new government and a new foundation, because he just needs help.
There's so much pressure, even with what he's done with Venezuela.
And even with Claudia, you'll remember this.
I see her removed.
Claudia, be done.
Go.
I see her going.
There is an uprising in Mexico.
The Lord is after Cuba.
We pray for the valley of decision.
I see judges coming against Trump in the days ahead.
There's a darkness there.
They're Democratic.
Concerning the decisions with Maduro, a judge is trying to come against him.
We uplift his hands.
It's because of the revival upon the land.
People don't see it.
The Lord said his son's return is imminent.
There's no urgency in the church or the world for the sign, but he's about to bring urgency.
The Lord said there's a shaking to awaken, for my son's return is at hand.
Woe unto the land, a shaking to awaken that will be all over South America.
He's preparing the land for the harvest.
He's just using Trump.
God doesn't care about all the oil and other stuff; he's about the heart of the man.
He's looking for the people.
You may think it's about an assignment, oil, or drugs, but it's about the people and getting souls saved for a major harvest.
A liberation day is coming for Cuba in 2027.
It's on the heels.
Pray over this.
He must finish his mission.
People don't realize the importance of praying for his protection.
Don Jr.
is highlighted to me again.
Do you remember Back to the Future when Earth Angel is being sung on the stage and the picture's fading out?
This is a fading out.
I see him; he looks transparent.
Don Jr.
looks transparent like in Back to the Future.
He must become more apparent.
Pray for him.
It's revenge for Soleimani.
We pray over his son, Don Jr.
, and we pray protection over him, a hedge of blood around him.
The angels of the Lord are camped around him right now in the name of Jesus.
And over Kai, his daughter, we pray protection.
This is very serious.
We cover him in the blood of Jesus and pray a hedge around him and his granddaughter.
This is about Qasem Soleimani.
I hear 'an eye for an eye' very clearly.
You need to listen to me.
We pray protection all around him.
There's a shield around him, his daughter, and the oldest.
It's about the men.
I know Kai's not a man, Lord, but why do you highlight this young girl before me?
We pray protection over her.
They want to inflict pain, but the angels of the Lord are camping around them.
Pray for President Trump.
He'll be fine.
The Lord's got this.
We are praying for protection around President Trump and his decisions.
He's walking through the valley of decision concerning Ukraine and Cuba.
North Korea is on the back shelf.
Taiwan will come to the forefront really quickly because China wants to do what was done to Venezuela.
In three days, they'll try to take Taiwan, and there will be a great surrender on the second day.
Their government will just give up.
So much is focused on Venezuela right now.
I hear Xi Jinping, 'Do we do this?
Can we get away with this?
' They're trying to make the final decisions concerning Taiwan right now.
I see three generals in the meetings.
Some say, 'Do it,' while others say no.
It's a vote.
They're weighing the consequences.
It's like World War II, and Russia is involved.
Russia and Ukraine.
I see Russia, and it is like a Jason Bourne movie.
They say, 'We can stretch them too thin if we act all at the same time.
' Iran is involved.
There is so much turmoil.
They know what's in their backyard.
Cuba is stretched too thin, and there's an enemy within.
A Red Dawn experience all at the same time.
Remember D-Day.
I see Turkey and Syria.
A battle plan is forming between them.
Turkey is rising up secretly with Syria, becoming friends in a greater brotherhood.
They're beating their war drums.
Ezekiel 38 and 39 are at the door.
This is concerning Israel and Benjamin.
Who will you save, Trump?
They will try to stretch you too thin.
Who will you say is the enemy within?
We have infiltrated your land.
China has infiltrated the land.
There are secret cells of China.
There are not as many cells of the Chinese as there are with the others.
Little Kim is going to try to raise his head.
He wants to be out of the sanctions; he is going to try to jump in on this and become a real...
His life is about wanting to flex because he has nuclear weapons.
That is why he called him a social pariah, remember?
Nobody wants to deal with him, but because he has what he has, I see it again: he is having meetings.
Putin and Xi Jinping are all talking.
And Iran too, they are ticked off about what happened with Venezuela.
This is all because of Venezuela.
Do you hear what I am saying?
If he can do it, I am watching them; they are all talking.
Chatter.
I see Kim talking.
It is about Venezuela.
They want to use him as a pawn.
Kim, tactical.
Remember the barge; remember the barge.
USSR.
Remember the barge.
That is what the Lord says: "USSR.
" He gives you a view way in the future.
Watch Homeland Security.
Watch the barges on the Mississippi River.
I am talking to you; I hope you listen.
Watch the barges.
Even in the summer months on the 250th year, watch the barges coming down the Mississippi.
It is about North Korea.
USSR on the Mississippi River.
But that is even more so before that.
It is a plan.
They are ticked off because of their plan.
It is because of the BRICS.
You weaken the BRICS.
Do you see?
They wanted him for the oil and for financial stuff.
When they got that out and he did that, they were ticked off because it tries to put a kink in the hose.
I see the kink in the hose concerning Venezuela and the BRICS.
I am in the spirit on this; I am seeing all this so clearly.
It is about affecting the dollar.
It is North Korea and the BRICS, and what they want to form; they are ticked off because of what happened in Venezuela.
It is about the kinking.
They are scrambling like roaches.
You will see great chess moves in the days ahead, folks.
Trump is in the valley of decision.
The Lord said, "Pray for him.
He is in the valley of decision.
" They are all worried and scrambling about this.
It is about Jesus coming back.
It is lifting off.
The Holy Spirit chose me, and I am so thankful I go behind the veil.
I will tell you what the Lord is saying.
What He says is coming, all to His glory.
I see it so clear.
It is the kink in the hose.
I am looking at Iraq.
I see a storm coming to America.
America, sweet America, God shed His grace on thee.
This must be bathed in prayer, ladies and gentlemen.
Just remember this: we are in a time like we have never seen before.
I am looking into Canada, and I can see Canada so clearly.
These are low-level devils.
There are ranks of demonic forces.
What is messing with your court system is in this realm right here, which is not down here influencing.
They are coming against your freedom of speech in a major way in the days ahead, in 2026.
They are going to come against your freedom of speech, how you are able to preach from your pulpits, and how you operate with your church finances.
This will be a big topic in the days ahead concerning Canada.
A major shaking against your church finances.
They are going to try to challenge your tax-exempt status.
I see it being successful in the courts.
Same with your amendment to be able to speak what you want regarding hate speech on social platforms and behind the pulpit.
There will be an uprising with people protesting in Canada, a major shaking in British Columbia, a shaking of the land, and an attempt to secede from Canada to become part of America.
Darkness and financial instability worse than the 1930s Great Depression.
A very fragile economy.
But I see a remnant rising up with great glory, with signs and wonders that will follow them.
For as the persecution comes on, the greater glory comes on.
I see a church rising up with healings, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory.
It will spread and bring healing on the land.
Oh Canada, a major revival is coming.
But it will come out of an olive press.
New oil will come from an olive press.
This will be concerning Europe also.
England will follow.
England, an olive press; Ireland, an olive press; France, olive press; Germany, olive press.
And they will follow.
They will try to suppress freedom of speech, social digital IDs, things like that.
Uprising.
Watch these next three years.
This is concerning Australia also.
A great revival comes to Australia.
Through the olive press, they are rising up.
A major move of God is coming to Australia.
Queensland will be a hot spot.
The glory.
It is the dry places and the glory.
Oh Father, can these bones live?
I have been in the spirit way too long.
It is lifting.
What is amazing is it is not aching.
I am so grateful.
The anointing is strong.
Well, praise the Lord, everybody.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
I haven't gotten to eat today, so I'm hungry.
I had a protein shake.
I'm thankful to all of you who are here.
Thank you for being here.
I am so grateful that you would spend the time praying with me.
Thank you for being a part of our YouTube channel and praying for the nations.
Thank you for taking it seriously and sacrificing your time.
We are so grateful for every single one of you.
It is surely a blessing—all 7,400 of you.
I wanted to add that scripture about when the Lord was talking about the pricking of the hearts.
That scripture in Acts chapter 2, whenever Peter got up and was telling them to repent and be baptized.
Acts says, "Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart and said to Peter and to the rest of the apostles, 'Men and brethren, what shall we do?
'" That's beautiful.
So, it's scripture.
The hardest of hearts will be pricked.
Thank you for looking that up.
That's good.
I like it.
The hardest of hearts, Acts chapter 2.
I love it.
See, it doesn't deviate from the word.
Isn't it awesome?
It all flows right out of his throne.
Good job.
The pricking of the hearts—that's that lumberjack guy that I saw.
And then who is the other we call forth?
That young man?
Tyrone.
I wonder who Tyrone is.
The Lord's calling forth Tyrone.
Tyrone was an African-American man; he looked like he was young, being rebellious, and his grandma's calling him in.
He's going to be okay.
Hardness of hearts, softness.
I love his presence right now, just sitting here for a minute, you know, just feeling him, feeling the Holy Ghost.
I love the Holy Spirit's presence.
Tonight, Braden, that was really cool.
I enjoyed that.
I love looking at that stuff.
I like listening to their meetings.
I want to go into that meeting, but I can't because I'm live, and I wanted to sit there and listen to them talking.
They were on the telephones.
Like you said, you saw it; I could hear them on the phones.
But what's cool is, even though he's North Korean, I could hear him in English.
I was sitting in his office; I knew where he was.
I don't talk about it too much, but it was cool because the Lord allowed me to see him talking.
I knew who he was talking to.
I was in the meetings and I could hear them chattering.
Was it all in English?
Everybody.
Even Putin was in English tonight.
I could hear him talking in English.
But what is amazing is both of them were talking to each other.
He speaks North Korean, he speaks Russian, and they were talking in English for my ears.
They had accents, but it was all in English.
Wow.
And when they were talking to the others, I could hear them, Xi Jinping and all of them, and they're all talking and they're ticked off, Braden, about what happened in Venezuela.
Oh, what Jesus can do.
I was there listening; I wanted to sit there because I was only allowed to hear a little bit.
What are they doing?
They're devising it.
It was crazy.
He was in his pajamas.
The North Korean guy had black silk pajamas on.
It looked like a business suit, but it was black silk with gold embroidery—the blackest onyx silk.
He had black pants to match, but it looked like pajamas.
But it wasn't pajamas; it was rich clothes, like it looked like big bucks.
It was silk.
He wasn't dressed up; he was relaxing.
He was sitting in a chair and there were servants all around him, and he was on the phone.
Putin was in a suit—or he was in these Chinese clothes, I don't know how else to say it.
It looked like the richest silk-looking black onyx-looking pajamas with golden buttons down the front.
His pants looked like pajama pants.
I was looking at him, and he was sitting in a chair with one hand on his head and the other hand like this, talking.
He was relaxed, like he was in a Lazy Boy.
He was leaning back, and he was on the phone with his feet up, talking.
I could see him.
I was watching him talk and I thought, 'Isn't that interesting?
' He was talking on a landline, not a cell phone.
A secure line.
He was talking on a landline with a cord; it was a secure line, I bet.
It was a black phone.
Somebody said it's a villain's meeting, basically.
You ain't joking.
But they were all—his hair was slick, he was perfect.
He had women all around him.
They were moving things around.
Pretty wild.
They don't know I was there; the Lord allowed me to see it.
They're talking; Xi Jinping is involved.
And the other men talking to Xi Jinping had army uniforms on.
They looked like generals and they had badges.
They were voting to take Taiwan.
Just like those men right there.
Not like that man right there.
These men I saw did not have hats on.
They had bunches of badges.
They were looking at Taiwan and the ocean.
I could see the ocean, and they were on the edge, trying to make a decision.
The Lord said, 'You're done.
' Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you for joining us.
The Lord said, 'You're done.
I don't want to tell you any more.
' He said, 'You're done tonight.
' I said, 'Okay.
' God bless y'all.
Thank you for joining us.
Thank you for all the likes, all the notifications, all the things you all do.
God bless you all.
We'll be back soon.
It's pretty beautiful.
I love the Holy Spirit.
I love the flow.
I pray you were blessed tonight by it, and I pray it uplifted you and you're refreshed.
Have a great day.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Have a great night.
Bye-bye.